and they say do not fall on the lawn with a reason and without
well here is something that is a violation here but not
violation but sex collisions
unpleasant on foot foot accented
Kamaz got both flew the ball and
collided at a certain point a minute
all the same aytekin added but still probably
seconds 30 he compensates
compensated time is also
it happens we repeat to score max and
cargo from the penalty area line
perfect blow
followed on the heels of cruise constantin
rausch but never prevented the blow
straight from the camera pleased
here and again the home team
i'm conan
obviously nervous sometimes you and fights
between calls moment of exit from defense
Right now it is not clear where it came from
voltage
and if with this
hard naturally park accounted for
guests start with their own attacker
Freiburg leads after the first
half two one very interesting football
we look at the owners slaughtered
schultz ruled our own gate
loads the best bards owners again
distinguished on
the guests scored Constantin Roush first
time this is completed it will in
the second we ourselves see a little later and now
have 12 minutes ten we for from